It's Doctor Bashir, isn't it?  Of course it is.  May I introduce myself?
My name is Garak; Cardassian by birth, obviously.  The only one of us left on the station, as a matter of fact.  So I do appreciate making new friends when I can.  You are new to the station, I believe.
Ah, you know of me, then.
What a thoughtful young man.  How nice that we've met.
You don't say.  Doctor, you're not intimating that I'm considered some sort of... "spy," are you?
Ah!  An open mind.  The essence of intellect. As you may also know, I have a clothing shop nearby, so... If you should require any apparel, or merely wish, as I do, for a bit of enjoyable company now and then, I'm at your disposal, Doctor.
Oh, it's just Garak.  Plain, simple Garak.  And now, good day to you, Doctor... I'm so glad to have made such an interesting new friend today.
Plain and simple.  Join me, Doctor, enhance my evening.
As a clothier, I do interest myself in what the population is wearing from day to day.
Hmmm.
Medicine?  I was talking about clothes.
Klingons have an odd sense of... style, don't you think?
But intriguing... I say those two... outfits... are worth studying closely... one never knows where the next trend may come from...
At your service, madame.  May I show you our latest fashions... perhaps some silk lingeries from Kraus-Four?
I meant no offense.  I have few Klingon patrons.  What is it you wish to buy...
I am only a simple clothing merchant...
You are in a position to deliver the Bajoran to Cardassian authorities?
Ladies, ladies... please... everything is negotiable...
I am only what I seem to be - a merchant seeking to make the best transaction... Let us... haggle.
Being observant, Doctor.
There's a time for levity, my young friend... and a time for genuine concern.
The arrival on this station, for instance, of those two Kohn-Ma terrorists.
I'm not exactly sure; but together, we might have some success at finding out...
Once you do have the appropriate answer, I'm sure you'll know what to do with it.
Doctor, I think it's time for you to take advantage of my shop.  If you'll be there at exactly twenty fifty-five hours this evening, I promise to show you a suit that will make you into a new man.
Doctor, am I making myself clear?  I want you to buy a new suit tonight at twenty-fifty-five.  Exactly.
Doctor, it's Twenty-fifty-seven.  You're late.  Come in quickly, please.
You just try that on as many times as you like, and be very, very quiet.
Ah, right on time.  Welcome.
I can now venture to say, with some certainty, that you will receive the agreed-upon payment on delivery.
And what business might that be?
If it requires that those I represent must take extra precautions, it becomes my concern.
A rare crystalline element, that can be an incredibly powerful source of energy... Provided, of course, that one also has an anti-matter converter.  Unfortunately, that's why Cardassians were chasing Tahna Los when he arrived here.  He stole one.
Quite right, Doctor.  He will have the ingredients for a bomb.  A bomb of significant destructive capability.
Tarkalean tea again, Doctor?
How did you know?
So it is.  Rokassa juice soothes my nerves.  I had a very demanding customer today.  A Bajoran engineer who comes into the shop constantly, just to plague me...
I like to think my expertise and willingness to serve overcome any general resentment my clientele may have.
Trust is very important...
Really, Doctor... must we play this game so often?  I'm no more a "spy" than you are a... a... doctor.
I'm afraid you really do let your imagination run away with you.  What else can I say to convince you that I'm just plain and simple Garak?
Precisely.
Now, there's something you don't see every day...
On the contrary... I've never set eyes on him before.
I hope I'm not intruding, but I couldn't help noticing...
what a handsome young man you have here...
I suppose it depends on whose hand... I'm only kidding.
I beg your pardon... ?
You said Dukat was doing something about war orphans?
Does he...
Doctor, what single trait would you ascribe to me and my fellow Cardassians?  Would it not be our attention to detail?  Do you think we simply forgot about those poor little orphans when we left Bajor?  Do you think they just... slipped our mind... ?  And who, would you guess, was in charge of the Cardassian withdrawal from Bajor?
There's obviously been a misunderstanding.
The Doctor and I did discuss the tragic circumstances of the children.  But I would never suggest that Gul Dukat...
Doctor Bashir, I apologize if I've inadvertently put you in an awkward position...
Not at all.
I barely know the man at all.
I'm honored that I was noticed by such a great leader.
Doctor, I really am disappointed in you...
The things we talk about are for your ears only.  That you would tell Commander Sisko anything I might happen to say in passing about Gul Dukat... is inappropriate and unacceptable.
Come, Doctor.  Get dressed.  We need to be going.
To Bajor.
The circumstances surrounding the young man's adoption.  It took place about eight years ago.
The Cardassians are quite meticulous about keeping records, Madame.  They've taught many worlds including this one how to keep records.  I find it difficult to believe that none exist from that time period.  Weren't computer entries made on a regular basis?
Really.  Perhaps we've met before.
Perhaps I can be of service.
I dabble with isolinear data subprocessors.  It's... a hobby of mine.
No more difficult than sewing on a button, actually.
Excuse me.
A simple tailoring tool.  You'd be surprised how often someone needs a pair of pants let out... Damn.  It's not there.
Rugal's name.  The father's name.  None of it.
It's simply a matter of knowing what you're looking for, Doctor...
It could be misfiled, or under the wrong name... or this could even be the wrong relocation center.
That won't be necessary.  We can access the files of this entire province from here and download them onto a data clip.
Tens of thousands, actually.
I'm afraid not, child.
Come, Doctor...
I believe you'll find your computer system fully operational, Madame.
Computer, set up a data bank, cross-referencing age groups, sex and year of adopt...
I'm sorry if you're upset about the orphans.  Children without parents have no status in Cardassian society.  The situation is unfortunate, but... I don't make the rules.
There are always games, Doctor.
Tell me, Doctor. why do you think the Cardassians left Bajor?
Isn't it interesting that one of Cardassia's most notable civilian leaders has recently entered this scenario...
Very good, Doctor.  It appears all of our little get-togethers haven't been for nothing...
Now, seemingly out of nowhere, Dukat expresses an interest in this orphan boy who has shown up on the station... and very soon afterwards, with Gul Dukat's assistance, we find out that this orphan boy isn't really an orphan boy at all, but is in reality Pa'Dar's long lost son...
I believe in coincidences.  Coincidences happen every day.  But I don't trust coincidences.
How perfectly foolish of me.
Dukat is smarter than that.
He would never leave a file to be found.
I would have.
Exactly.
We have one last chance... if we can find the person who wrote that file in the first place...
Her.
Because I've already found her name. Jomat Luson.
Really, Doctor.  You're not paying attention to detail.  There's one name we keep seeing... on all of the files from the Tozhat Resettlement Center during the time period Rugal would have been there... a Bajoran official named Jomat Luson.  Now, all we have to hope for is that she's still alive...
Truth is in the eye of the beholder, Doctor.  I never tell the truth because I don't believe there is such a thing.  That is why I prefer the simple straight line simplicity of cutting cloth.
But you don't need me to tell you, Doctor... if you'll just notice the details.  They're scattered like crumbs all over the table we regularly share. Until next time.
Of course I agree.  Yiri's brother was a traitor to the Trelonian government.
My dear Doctor... it all comes down to a question of loyalty.  Yiri had to choose between protecting his brother or protecting the state.  He chose the state... as would I, every time.
And who can we thank for those misguided words of wisdom?  Sarek of Vulcan?
With sentiments like those, you wouldn't last five seconds on Cardassia.
Fishing again, Doctor? Assuming.
You're assuming I'm not a spy. Or maybe I'm an outcast spy? But I never said I was either.
Thank you for another enjoyable lunch.  Doctor.
Mister Quark, this is a surprise.  I don't believe you've ever been in my establishment before.
The Replimat was a little crowded.  So what brings you here now?
Seventeen strips of latinum.
Twenty?  How uncharacteristically generous... for a Ferengi.
This is the latest style on my homeworld.  Do you like it?
I don't know.  It's been so long since I've had a Cardassian customer.
Now that you mention it, I think your lady friend may find this style very appealing.  You are old friends, aren't you?
It would've been hard to miss the way you were looking at her.
I always try to observe the fashions of visitors to the station. Personally I find this style a bit too radical, but your friend seems the type who appreciates that sort of thing.
You'd be surprised how detrimental a poor choice of fashion can be.  Take this dress.  It may be all the rage now... but it could quickly become tiresome, an affront to the eyes.  Certain people may even find it... objectionable.  And then... Nothing but rags.
Mister Quark, may I offer you some free advice? I've been in this business a long time. And I know there's nothing worse than following the wrong trend.  Now you're a smart fellow. With your own inimitable style.  Perhaps you should mention that to your lady friend.  I'd hate to see her become... a victim of fashion.
She's chosen to associate herself with some rather flamboyant companions.  It would be a tragedy if she got in the way when her friends... went out of style.
What're you going to do?  Shortchange them at the dabo table?
Commander? We need to talk.
No one is threatening you.  The Central Command merely wants to make sure that they have your undivided attention.
"Students" is a rather benign term for them.  "Terrorists" would be more accurate.  The Cardassian government would very much like Hogue and Rekelen returned home immediately.
This is all very embarrassing, Commander.  The Central Command would hate to see the Federation pulled into such an insignificant and purely internal affair.
Not at all.  Annoying, perhaps.  Inconvenient, maybe.  But dangerous?  Hardly.  If they were dangerous, would the Central Command entrust the situation to me, a simple tailor?
Really, Commander, that's another discussion, entirely.  All you need to know right now is that the return of Hogue and Rekelen is in the best interests of the Cardassian Empire.
Is there a difference?
The ultimate decision is yours of course.  I'm simply relaying a message.
Absolutely.  Thank you for your time. If you'd like, come by the shop some day.  I'm sure I have a number of suits that would look quite flattering on you.
Toran. They've made you a Gul.  I didn't realize the situation on Cardassia had gotten so desperate.
Actually, I'm finding my time here to be most illuminating.
Am I to be rewarded for informing the Central Command about Hogue and Rekelen's presence on the station?
But I suggested a prisoner exchange... the Central Command agreed...
They listened to you?
Kill them and all you'll be creating are martyrs.
So how do you propose to arrange this unfortunate incident?
I see your point.
What's the rush?
Don't.  I'd hate to ruin such a nice suit.
Exile tends to wear thin after a while, even when the surroundings are as pleasant as these.
Unfortunately, it's not their decision to make.  Nor mine.  Professor Lang, however minor her role in this matter, has come to the attention of the Central Command.
Madam, I am not here to debate you.
Which brings up another issue.  Quark, things would've been much simpler if you'd taken my advice and not gotten involved with these people.
I know.  A pity, really.  Personally, I rather like you, Quark.
Before I became a tailor, I lived by a simple motto:  "Never allow sentiment to interfere with your work."  A bit of a cliche, but true nonetheless.
Well, then... Though I admit it's against my better judgement, I'm afraid I must carry out the verdict of the Central Command.
What are you doing here, Toran?
You've never been right about anything, Toran.  Now step aside and let me finish this sorry business.
Why?  So you can take the credit and make sure I remain in disgrace.
I suppose not.
Some people should never be promoted.
Well, don't just stand there.  Your ship's waiting.
That alone makes this all worthwhile.
I suggest we return to the Promenade without delay.
Why did you let Professor Lang go?
And I love Cardassia.  Which is why I had to do what I did.
That's the thing about love.  No one really understands it, do they?
What a waste of a morning.  That Galipotan freighter was scheduled to be here at oh-seven hundred and it still hasn't arrived yet. Well, I suppose that's the price of doing business with a culture that refuses to even acknowledge the concept of time... And I have to admit, they make magnificent sweaters. I hope I'm not boring you, Doctor.
Entertaining one of your lady friends?
Isn't it superb... without a doubt the finest Cardassian novel ever written.
You didn't enjoy it?
Wonderful.  At this rate, we should be done eating lunch just in time for dinner.
True, but I'm really not in the mood for noisy, crowded and vulgar today.
I can't believe I'm eating lunch with a man who thinks The Never-Ending Sacrifice is dull.
That's the whole point, Doctor.  The repetitive epic is the most elegant form of Cardassian literature, and The Never-Ending Sacrifice is it's greatest achievement.
A Federation viewpoint if ever I heard one.
This is ridiculous.  Can't you just move to the front of the line?  Tell them it's a medical emergency or something.
It would only be a waste of time.  When it comes to art, you're obviously a prisoner of Federation dogma and human prejudice.
I'm fine.
I assure you, I'm in perfect health.Now, you were asking about other Cardassian novels... Something maybe a little more accessible...
Doctor, what do you think you're doing?
That won't be necessary.
Frankly Doctor, I'm getting a little tired of humoring you.  There's nothing wrong with me that a little peace and privacy wouldn't cure.  Now if you'll excuse me. I seem to have lost my appetite.
So then I take it we understand each other?
Too long.
I've never done business with you... until now.
Soon, Quark... I can't wait much longer.
On the contrary.  Anyone who talks about the numbing effects of liquor is severely overstating the case.
Doctor... What a pleasant surprise... I'm sorry about my little outburst at lunch, but I'll make it up to you.  Please, join me.
By all means.
What are you doing?
An excellent idea. We'll go to my quarters.
The Infirmary.  My dear Doctor... what kind of fool do you take me for.  Give me back my bottle.
I'm not going to the Infirmary and I refuse to play this ridiculous game.  Now give me...
Make it stop... make it stop.
Doctor, what a pleasant surprise.  I'm sorry... I must've missed the door chime.
A mere thirty cc's.  Not nearly enough, I'm afraid.
Cardassians must be made of sterner stuff.  I barely feel it.
I don't think so.  Believe me when I tell you there's nothing you can do for me.
I thought I was supposed to be the spy, Doctor.
How do you know?
Really?  That's... most distressing. But I suppose, not all that surprising.  Ah, well.  Maybe it's for the best.
My hypospray, if you please?
Thank you for your concern, Doctor.  But I'd rather have the hypospray.
I doubt you can.
I think you'll find that I'm experiencing some slight deterioration of my cranial nerve cluster.
My dear Doctor, I have no intention of putting myself on display, for the amusement of the Bajoran inhabitants of this station.
You know about that, do you?
Punishment device?
I suppose in a way that's what it's become.
It's hopeless, Doctor.  Believe me, it can't be removed.
That's the whole point.  If it could be easily removed, it would be useless. You see, on Cardassia, I was entrusted with certain... information.  Information that needed to be kept safe... regardless of the situation. My implant was given to me by Enabran Tain, the head of the Obsidian Order.  If I was ever tortured, it was designed to stimulate the pleasure centers of my brain... to trigger the production of vast amounts of natural endorphins. I hope you appreciate the irony, Doctor.  The sole purpose of the implant was to make me immune to pain.
It was never meant for continuous use.
Living on this station is torture for me, Doctor.  The temperature is always too cold, the lights are always too bright.  Every Bajoran on the station looks at me with loathing and contempt. One day I decided I couldn't live with it anymore.  So I... took the pain away.
I created a device which allowed me to trigger the implant whenever I wanted.  At first, I only used it a few minutes a day.  But I began relying on it more and more... Until finally, I just turned it on and never shut it off again.
Two years.
That's correct.
It's too late, now.  My body's become dependent on the higher endorphin levels generated by the implant.
"Them," Doctor?
Doctor, did anyone ever tell you that you are an infuriating pest?
Has it ever occurred to you that I might be getting what I deserve?
Doctor, please.  I'm suffering enough without having to listen to your smug Federation sympathy.  You think because we have lunch together once a week, you know me?  You couldn't even begin to fathom what I'm capable of.
Wrong again.  You need to know who you're trying to save. During the Occupation, I was a Gul in the Cardassian Mechanized Infantry.  We were stationed just outside the Bajoran Capital.  Shortly before the withdrawal, a handful of Bajoran prisoners escaped from my custody.  My aide, a man named Elim, tracked them to a Cardassian shuttle about to depart for Terok Nor.  Elim got aboard, but the captain refused to let him search the ship, claiming he was under strict orders from Gul Dukat to depart immediately. So I had the shuttle destroyed. Killing the escapees... Elim... and ninety-seven Cardassian civilians.
I followed my orders.  None of those prisoners got off of Bajor alive. Unfortunately, it turned out one of the passengers on the shuttle was the daughter of a prominent military official.  I was stripped of my rank and commission, and exiled from Cardassia. So now you know, Doctor.  I hope I haven't shattered too many of your illusions.
Desk... Second drawer.
Leave me alone.
I said, don't touch me.
I don't want to be calm, Doctor.  I've been calm long enough.
Look at this place.  It's pathetic... to think that this is what my life has been reduced to.
This sterile shell... this... Prison...
Ridiculous.  I feel more clear headed than I have in the past two years.  What a waste those two years have been.
But there was a time, Doctor... there was a time when I was a power. The protege of Enabran Tain himself. Do you have any idea what that means?
No... of course you don't.  You don't know anything, do you?  Tain was the Obsidian Order.  Not even the Central Command itself dared challenge him.  And I was his right hand.  My future was limitless. Until I threw it away.
Stop them... I only wish I had stopped them.
No, Doctor, my disgrace was worse than that... unimaginably worse.
I let them go. It was the eve of the Cardassian withdrawal.  Elim and I were interrogating five Bajorans.  Not one of them was older than fourteen.  They were children, Doctor... They knew nothing.  They lived in bombed- out rooms and scrounged for food on the streets.  They were filthy and they stank.  The room was freezing cold... the air was like ice... and suddenly, the whole exercise seemed utterly meaningless.  All I wanted was a hot bath and a good meal.  So I let them go. I gave them whatever latinum I had in my pockets, opened the door, and flung them back into the street.  Elim couldn't believe his eyes.  He thought I'd gone insane.
No!
I was a fool.  I should've finished the interrogation and turned them over to the troops for execution.  But because I was chilly and my stomach was growling, I failed in my duty, and destroyed everything I had worked for.
That's right.  Elim was executed and I was left to live out my days with nothing to look forward to but having lunch with you.
I did.  That's the worst part.  To think that I actually enjoyed eating mediocre food while staring at your smug, sanctimonious face.  I hate this place and I hate you.
No, get away from me.
No.
I won't allow it.  I never want that thing turned on again.
You've done enough, doctor.  More than I deserve. There's something you have to know.
The truth.
Don't give up now, Doctor.  Patience has its rewards.  Now listen carefully.
Elim wasn't my aide.  He was... my friend.  We grew up together... We were closer than brothers.  For some reason, Enabran Tain took a liking to us... Before long, Elim and I were both powerful men in the Obsidian Order... They called us the "Sons of Tain." Even the Guls feared us.  And then... There was a scandal.  Someone in the order was accused of letting some Bajoran prisoners escape.  There were constant rumors of who was going to be implicated... fingers were being pointed at me... By then Tain had retired to the Arawath Colony.  He couldn't protect me.  So I panicked.  I did everything in my power to make sure Elim would be blamed instead of me.  I planted evidence... altered records... only to discover that he'd beaten me to it.
Elim destroyed me.  Before I'd realized what was going on, I'd been sentenced to exile.	And the irony is... I deserved it.  Not for the reasons they claimed, but because of what I'd tried to do to Elim.  My best friend.
So you can forgive me, Doctor... Why else?  I need to know someone forgives me.
Thank you, Doctor.  That's most kind.
May I join you?
Thank you.
Out of the question.  I couldn't stand to be cooped up in that dreadful Infirmary for another second.  Besides I feel perfectly fine. How's the I'danian spice pudding today?
I for one, Doctor, am perfectly satisfied with the way things turned out.  And I see no need to dwell on what was doubtlessly a difficult time for both of us. By the way, I just had the most interesting conversation with Constable Odo.  It seems he was under the impression that I was a member of the Obsidian Order.
That he was mistaken, of course.
He said something about keeping a closer eye on me in the future.  I told him to be my guest... I have nothing to hide.
Here... I brought you something.
It's Meditations on a Crimson Shadow by Preloc.
I think you'll find this one more to your taste.  It takes place in the future.  During a time when Cardassia and the Klingon Empire are at war.
Who do you think?
I've given you all the answers I'm capable of.
My dear Doctor, they're all true... Especially the lies.
Doctor, welcome back.
You mean the tailoring business, or the spy business? I'm joking, of course.
I've missed you, Doctor.  I admit I was very concerned for your safety. Lunch just hasn't been the same without you.
Oh, I doubt that's going to happen Doctor.  I doubt that very much.
There's an old saying on Cardassia, "Enemies make dangerous friends."  And I fear the Dominion is going to make a very dangerous friend indeed.
Exactly. I'm afraid these treaty negotiations are a mistake we'll live to regret.
The former I assure you. The Central Command is very much in favor of this treaty.  Which, as far as I'm concerned, only justifies my fears.
Still feel I'm worrying about nothing, Doctor?
Ah, Commander.  I was hoping to see you before you left.  I wanted to tell you how impressed I've been with you the last two years.  You've run this station with strength, dignity and compassion.  Well done.
Oh, I'm sure you'll be back before long.  Though from what I've heard, it'll be to fight against Bajor.
The Bajorans have fought for their freedom before.  It makes sense that they would fight for it again.
Do I detect a note of bitterness in your voice?
If it makes you feel better, I happen to share your feelings about the Dominion treaty.	I've given it a great deal of thought, and the only explanation I can find is that our leaders have simply gone insane.
Unfortunately, there's nothing you or I can do about it.
After all, you have your orders and as for me, I would never dream of opposing the wishes of the Central Command. A pity.
I thought you would.
Life is full of surprises, Commander.
I'm sorry, but we are rushed for time.
Doctor, if you'd be so kind as to take his legs.
Not at all Doctor.  Though I admit, after years of hemming dresses, a little action does seem a welcome change of pace.
I wouldn't worry about that, Doctor.
You misunderstand me, Lieutenant.  All I meant was it's foolish to worry about your careers at a time like this.  After all there's a good chance we're all about to be killed.
By all means Commander, do as he says.
You heard me Doctor.
Good.
I'm glad to see everything's going according to plan.
Didn't anyone tell you?  You see, I pretend to be their friend... and then I shoot you.
Just something I read once in a book.
It looks like we won't be having lunch after all, Doctor.
Business has been a bit slow... For some reason, living under the constant threat of Dominion attack has made people less eager to invest in new clothing. How was your trip to Klaestron Four?
You know... I envy you.
When I was young, traveling was something of a hobby for me.  There are few things in life that compare with the thrill of immersing oneself in the culture of an alien world, meeting the inhabitants, earning their trust.  But aside from our one brief excursion to Bajor, I don't think I've been off this station for almost three years.
Space is dangerous, doctor.  You never know what might happen.
My dear doctor... you do have a vivid imagination. Now please... I want to hear all about your trip to Klaestron Four.
Good evening, Doctor.  When you're all through here, I was wondering if you might want to join me for a late snack.
I'm afraid this won't wait until tomorrow.  I have some important news... about Major Kira.
Commander, I've already told the good doctor everything I know.
This is pointless.  Believe me, there's nothing you can do.  If my friend is correct, and Major Kira is being held by the Obsidian Order, retrieving her would be quite impossible.
I'm afraid you overestimate my abilities.
The three of us?  You can't be serious.
Why should I care what the Bajoran government thinks of me?
This is extortion, Commander.
Fine.  I'll go along on your little fool's errand.  But I want one thing to be perfectly clear... I have no intention of sacrificing my life to save yours.  If it looks like we're in danger of being captured... if there are any signs of trouble at all... you're on your own.
How perceptive of you, Commander.
I was merely taking a stroll to stretch my legs.  The quarters on this vessel are rather... claustrophobic.
Commander, I must protest.
Probably just a routine security check.
Drop the holo-filter. Do it.  I can get us out of this... if you let me talk to them.
Gul Benil.
Very observant of you.  Now turn your ships around.
This is an Alpha Red priority mission, clearance verification Nine Two One Eight Black.  By the authority of the Central Command, you are ordered to turn your ships around.  Erase all record of this encounter from your logs and speak of it to no one. Is that clear?
You were doing your duty.  End transmission.
Just something I overheard while hemming someone's pants.  I suggest we get away from here as soon as possible.  In case Gul Benil decides to show some initiative.
The Major's the least of your problems, Entek.
I got homesick. I think we'd better be going.
Major, I must say, I don't believe I've ever seen you looking so... ravishing.
Suffice it to say, I still have friends on Cardassia. I'm sure you'll derive years of enjoyment trying to determine exactly who they are.
Treason, like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder.
You know, I'd almost forgotten what a pleasure it was to be with my fellow Cardassians.  But as much as I'd like to stay and listen to you bluster... I simply don't have the time.
What a shame.  I rather liked him.
I believe that's the point, Major.
Computer, access code Garak one-three-five-nine.
Ironic isn't it?  That the only place in the galaxy that still recognizes my access code is a Bajoran space station.
I'd like nothing better than to help my loyal customers, but it's not that simple.  My access code allows me to move around the station... unfortunately, as you've just seen, the forcefields reappear as soon as I pass through a doorway.
Several times.  But for some reason that I can't begin to fathom, Gul Dukat chose not to trust me with his top level security codes during the occupation.
The only way to do that is to destroy the life support system.
Believe me, Major, it's the only way to save those people. I believe life support is controlled from over there.
Plenty, Major.  Unfortunately, all of it bad.  My personal code will activate any terminal on the station, however, that's the extent of my access.  All I can do is... look around.  I can tell you exactly what's going on, but I can't do anything about it. As far as I can tell, the only person who can disable the security program is Gul Dukat.
Even if I could it wouldn't do any good.
If I were to input his code, the computer would scan my DNA pattern to determine if I really were Dukat.
What a creative idea. Tell me, do you eat breakfast, Lieutenant? My lunch calendar is full, but I am looking for someone to join me at breakfast.  I'm sure the Doctor will tell you it's the most important meal of the day.
It's certainly worth a try.
If this works, all I'll need is a few seconds.
Doctor, what exactly is it about this situation that's making you smile?
I wouldn't even venture a guess.  But that reminds me... those pants you wanted altered are ready to be picked up.
Well... this is a problem.
I always suspected that Gul Dukat was a little paranoid... he left quite a large number of interrogative subroutines imbedded in his access code.
Meaning the computer is continually trying to make me prove I am who I say I am. Lieutenant, how long until you'll be able to disable those sensors?
We may not have that much time... in fact, I'm sure we don't.
I respectfully disagree, Major.  Sitting here is about all we can do.
Easy, Doctor... it would seem that the computer is only targeting non-Cardassians after all.
You've always been shortsighted... it's held you back over the years.As I recall, your father had the same flaw.
Funny... at his trial, your father said his biggest flaw was that his ambition outweighed his patriotism.
Your own computer program turned against you.  I always said your shortsightedness would be your downfall.
It's not going to work, you know.
I'm talking about Major Kira...
She's much too busy trying to save this station to be impressed by your incessant posturing.  And even if she weren't, she has much better taste than to be attracted to you.
And you, a married man...
You tried, remember?
Thank you, Doctor, but I'm quite full.
The truth is, I've been trying to lose a little weight.  Hemming women's dresses may provide me with a modest income, but it doesn't offer much in the way of exercise.
I might take you up on that.  But speaking of holosuites...
Happy Birthday.  I know it's a few days off, but I wanted to give you your present early.
It's a Cardassian holosuite program.  An adaptation of one of Shoggoth's enigma tales.
You sound disappointed.  I thought you liked mystery novels.
Yes, but the challenge comes from determining exactly who is guilty of what. Is Lieutenant Dax throwing you another "surprise" party this year?
You don't seem very enthused about it.
How so?
And?
It's an important thing to keep in mind, Doctor.
And that's... considered bad?
Doctor, are you trying to say that you're afraid of growing old.
I wasn't aware that humans saw growing old as a negative experience.  On Cardassia, advanced age is seen as a sign of power and dignity.
By all means, Doctor, be as grumpy as you want.
Don't take it personally. He's turning thirty.
What are you doing here, Doctor?
I was looking for Constable Odo.  Everyone on this station seems to have disappeared.
What do you mean?  Tell me what's going on.
It's no use.  As far as I can tell, the station's suffered some kind of massive systems failure.  Aside from life support, and simple functions like turbolifts and doors, nothing seems to be working.  It's been like this for hours.  I was up late programming some replicator patterns for a suit I'm designing, and everything just went dead.
Maybe.  Or maybe they've fallen victim to some kind of rampant virus, or space anomaly, or Dominion plot.
Hear what?
I don't hear anything.  But then Cardassian hearing isn't quite as acute as human's. Doctor, are you feeling all right?  You look... different somehow.
Your hair.  It seems to be turning gray.
I guess you had reason to worry about turning thirty after all.  Either that, or your job is more stressful than I thought.
I agree.  Maybe we should split up.  I can search the Docking Ring while you look around the Habitat Ring and the Central Core.
You, too. And Doctor, try to relax.
Ready, Doctor?
Don't ask me.  After all, we're in your mind. It's a shame about Lieutenant Dax.
I'm part of you, remember?  I know what you know.  Maybe even a little more.
You wouldn't have me any other way.
Apparently so.  You, or should I say "we," are running out of time. Your serve, Doctor.
Then you'd better get to Ops.  If repairs are to be done, that's the place to do them.
I'd be delighted.  I wonder if any of them plays tennis.
He hasn't caught you yet, Doctor.  Let's get you out of here.
What's wrong?
Well, Doctor, it was a good game while it lasted.
And how do you propose to do that?
Doctor, I admire your tenacity, but I'm afraid it's over.  Look at yourself.  Your bones are as brittle as twigs, you can barely catch your breath, and you can't even stand, let alone walk.
It would be a privilege.  Now what would you like me to do?
Of course.
Anyone home?
"And many more." Doctor, I really must congratulate you.  You have a fascinating mind.
You should try to enjoy yourself.  It's your birthday.
Sorry, my dear.
Any ideas on how to go about doing that?
So which panel accesses the computer?
But I'm not really Garak, am I?  I'm just another part of you.
This station is in worse shape then we thought.
Face it, Doctor, there's no way to repair the damage.  It's too extensive.
I'd be more than willing to help, if I thought it would accomplish anything, but you're only delaying the inevitable.
Doctor, we've been through this.  I'm not Garak.  I'm you.
You tell me.
It sounds like he was a lot more dangerous in your mind than he was in the real world.
Cardassians don't believe in luck, Doctor.  You survived because you were strong.
In that case, Happy Birthday.You know, Doctor, the thing I find most fascinating about this entire incident is how your unconscious mind chose people you know to represent the various parts of your personality.
What I find interesting is how your mind ended up casting me in the role of the villain.
How can I not?  To think, after all this time, all our lunches together... you still don't trust me. There's hope for you yet, Doctor.
Doctor, I just don't see the value in this man's work.
I knew Brutus was going to kill Caesar in the first act, but Caesar doesn't figure it out until the knife is in his back...
Tragedy is not the word I would use, farce would be more appropriate.  Supposedly, this man is the leader of an entire empire, a brilliant military tactician, yet he can't see what's going on under his very nose... Are you in a hurry, Doctor?
ou're lucky.  I have more time on my hands than I know what to do with.
Tomorrow.
You're going to give yourself indigestion.
This isn't the first time I've seen you rush through a meal.  You never take the time to savor your food.  It seems to be a human characteristic.
Look over there... that Talarian isn't even half finished with his meal, but his human companion's plate is empty.
It's a very interesting sociological trait, don't you think?  For generations now, humankind has had more than enough food... yet you all eat as if you were afraid someone was going to come along and take your plate away.
Fear of starvation amid plenty... it points to some dark secret hidden in the human soul... a gnawing hunger.  Someone should do a study.
If you want to have dessert, go ahead.  I won't be offended.
No, no... I'm done, as well.
If you really must know, I've been nibbling on Delavian chocolates all morning.
I promised my... supplier that I wouldn't tell. But since I deprived you of dessert, I'd be happy to bring some by the Infirmary later this afternoon.
Until then, Doctor...
As well as could be expected...
But I'm afraid your pants won't be ready tomorrow, after all...
But who would want to kill me... a simple tailor?
The Obsidian Order?  Constable, you shouldn't put so much stock in Doctor Bashir's flights of fancy. Are you sure the explosion wasn't an accident, because I can't think of anyone who would wish me harm...
Well... let me see... there was that Nausicaan whose wedding suit I misplaced... and that Yridian I owe money to... and, of course, there's always Major Kira...
I'm being serious.  I don't think she likes me.
You do have a point.
I seriously doubt the Finance Ministry would try to have me killed for failing to pay my taxes.
Do you think I'd lie about a thing like that?  It's not something I'm proud of.
I've told you everything I can think of.
I certainly will.
A study?
Why is it that no one ever believes me, even when I'm telling the truth... ?
No...
Clever lad... a charming story.
You wanted to see me?
To see if I recognize anyone who might... wish me harm.
Don't worry about me, Constable.  I can manage on my own.
What makes you think I haven't already looked through them... ? I'm joking, of course...
I'm afraid I don't recognize any of these names...
This could take forever.
In this case a Cardassian... me.
Me?  What can I do?
I have no idea.  Maybe someone hired him to do it.
I don't know.
You seem to be under the impression that I would knowingly withhold information when my life is at stake. I can assure you, Constable, I have a well developed instinct for self-preservation.  If I had anything to add, I would have done so by now.
What are you doing?
But someone may try to kill me again.
I was wondering when you were going to get here.  The Flaxian left two minutes ago.  If we're going to follow him, we're going to have to get moving.
Although Doctor Bashir may have been convinced by your performance in Quark's, I happen to know that you're far too dogged an investigator to let the only suspect in the case just disappear.
But I intend to come with you.
I'm quite serious.  Believe me, having someone try to kill you is no laughing matter.
My presence could be very helpful, especially if the Flaxian goes into Cardassian space.
I hate to interrupt, but the Flaxian is getting farther away.  I assume you've placed a tracking device on his ship, but if we don't get started soon he's going to get out of range.
Trust me, Constable.  I can be a most pleasant traveling companion.  And this promises to be a very interesting trip.
If I'm reading this correctly, and I'm no expert, it looks like the Flaxian ship is about to go into warp...
I have no idea...
The truth... is usually just an excuse for a lack of imagination...
If you want to know what the Romulans have against me, you'll have to ask them.
They're all dead... ?
Quite the contrary.  In fact, under different circumstances I'd be celebrating tonight.
Oh, yes.  We were all quite well acquainted.
As a matter of fact, Constable, it is.  I'm surprised that you would come to such an unlikely conclusion.
That seems like a very elaborate way of getting you involved.  If I needed your help I could've asked for it.
I will admit that watching it burn wasn't exactly... tragic.
We were all associates of Enabran Tain...
He retired some years ago... He was, I might add, the only head of the agency ever to live long enough to do so... For a time, we were his most trusted advisors.
I don't know... but Tain might.
That is a distinct possibility.
May I use your communications system?
I thought you might appreciate it on an aesthetic level... here we are...
Mila...
Neither did I.  I need to speak with Tain, it's urgent.
Where is he?
If you speak with him, tell him to contact me.
I promise...
I'll need a runabout, Constable...
So do I.
Like what... ?
Actually, Doctor, there is something.
If you go into my quarters and examine the bulkhead next to the replicator, you'll notice there's a false panel.  Behind that panel is a compartment containing an isolinear rod.  If I don't return within seventy-eight hours... I want you to take that rod and eat it.
Yes, Doctor.  I am.
I thought so.  The answer to your question is no, Doctor, there's nothing you can do for me while I'm away.
The Delavian chocolates... But, Doctor, these were for you...
Thank you...
Head for the Cardassian border... we're going to the third planet in the Unefra System.
I don't.  But he has a safe-house there... no one's supposed to know about it... especially me.
She's been Tain's housekeeper and confidant for over thirty years.
Is it so hard to believe that there's one person in the galaxy who regards me with a certain affection?
You could say that.  Tain is directly responsible for my being exiled from Cardassia.
Why I'm risking my life to help him?
I can see how it would be puzzling.
A logical deduction.  I can see why you're the constable.
Now you've moved from deduction to supposition.
Are you saying I have no sense of honor?
A very interesting analysis... very interesting.  Particularly coming from you.
It's been my observation that you act solely out of a sense of justice... or at least what you consider justice.  There's no feeling behind what you do, no emotion beyond a distaste for loose ends and disorder. You don't know what it means to care about someone, do you?  People are just interesting creatures to you... to be studied and analyzed.
Just that I find it interesting that you'd ascribe feelings and motivations to me that you personally know nothing about. Or am I wrong?  Tell me, is there one person in this universe that you care about?  One person that is more to you than just an interesting puzzle to be solved.  Is there, Odo... anyone?
And that... would be a wise decision.
What's that?
In Cardassian space?
I can't pull away... the tractor lock is too strong...
Do you think you got through?
I think we're about to find out...
Tain...
A minor example of my work...
You always did have a keen sense of fashion. But it seems you've let it go... along with your once-trim figure.
I've had the same thought myself. But then, those days are long gone. At least they are for me. You, on the other hand, seem to have left your retirement far behind. Unless you're simply on a pleasure cruise with your pointed-eared friends.
It's a daring plan... I didn't think there was anyone in the Central Command bold enough to take on the Dominion.
You'll forgive me if I reduce the scope of this conversation to something a little more personal. Why was it necessary to kill me, and the rest of our former associates, before embarking on this... excursion into the Gamma Quadrant?
And you were afraid we knew things about you... things that could be used against you.  So you decided to have us eliminated.
You also used to say that the Tal Shiar was sloppy.  You shouldn't have relied on them to burn your bridges.
Actually, I blew up my shop. It was a way of piquing the good constable's interest.
I never betrayed you! At least... not in my heart.
Why do you think I'm here?  I came because I thought the Romulans were trying to kill you... I came here to save you...
Excuse me... ? Just like that? Aren't you concerned that I'll warn Starfleet and the Central Command about your plans?
Join you... ?
You'll pardon me if I appear a little startled... but are you saying all is forgiven?
Yes, he is... and it doesn't matter... I'm back...
I remember wanting to invent charges of treason against him just so I didn't have to hear his voice again.
I learned from the best.
I never even touched him.
Four.
I was good, wasn't I?
I... missed you too, Enabran.
So whatever happened to Doctor Parmak?
There are a lot of people I intend to look up when we get back.
For instance, do you remember a Gul named Dukat?
He's the son of the late Justice Procal.
The thought had crossed my mind.
I'll make a list and give it to Mila.
Still... it would be a shame to have her killed.  She's proven that she can be trusted on numerous occasions.  And you'd be hard pressed to find a better housekeeper.
Not at all.  Just an observation.
If you're looking for an excuse to spare the life of your own housekeeper, you don't need me to provide you with one.  You can do it out of... the kindness of your heart.
Really?  I'm surprised that alone didn't earn her a place on your execution rolls.
I was.
Direct isn't he?
Warp six?  That's a bit slow isn't it?  Something wrong with your engines?
Very clever.
That may prove to be difficult.  He can be quite stubborn.
Well, Odo... I trust the accommodations meet with your approval?
You have to admit, this is certainly better than a prison cell.
Why Constable, you seem positively disappointed in me.
Well, I suppose it's understandable.  After all, I did pledge my undying devotion and eternal allegiance to both you and the Federation.  And you and I've been through so much together... shared so many experiences... I know you considered me a close friend.  No wonder you feel betrayed.
ustify?  I don't need to justify anything to you.
You are imaginative, Constable, I'll grant you that.  But I suggest you put those creative powers to better use.
We would like you to share your... unique insights on the Founders.
We would be most grateful for any information you could provide.
Really Odo, you must stop reading those human crime novels that Chief O'Brien gives you.  It's poisoning your thinking.  I'm not here to threaten you, I just want to talk.
Surely you can see that we have a common enemy: the Founders.  By cooperating, you'll be helping us provide security for the entire Alpha Quadrant.
I suggest you think over what I've said, Constable.
That should more than take care of the Founders...
Anything he knows about the Founders and their planet was undoubtedly included in his report to Starfleet.  The constable is remarkably thorough in these matters.
I do remember having a certain... pride in my work.  But I doubt that interrogating someone who can alter their form at will is likely to provide either amusement or information.
This has nothing to do with my "friends" or my "feelings."  I simply don't believe he has the information you want.
No.  I brought Odo here.  He's my prisoner and my responsibility.
Yes, I do.  And I think we both know that you won't trust me until I do.
I realize it must be nearly time for you to return to your liquid state.  So I thought I'd bring you something to relax in.
But before you go for a swim, I have a few questions I'd like to ask you.
I had hoped that a few hours alone might jog your memory... but I can see that I'm going to have to take steps I had hoped to avoid.
You do have a certain... flair for sarcasm.  It's one of the things I like about you.
You can go now.
Yes, under normal circumstances, you would pose quite a threat to me.  You could turn yourself into a Vicarian Razorback... or stretch out your arms and strangle me from across the room... but not this time. Because that device is emitting a quantum stasis field... designed to prevent any changeling from altering his biomolecular structure.
It must be very disconcerting for you to be locked into a humanoid form.  Especially now... you must have been looking forward to returning to your liquid state.
An honest answer.  But it's probably safe to say it won't be pleasant.
I wish I could believe that.
Because you and I are a lot alike.  We both value our privacy... our inner secrets... that's why I know there's something about the Founders you haven't told anyone.  Something you didn't want to share with Starfleet or Commander Sisko. But you are going to tell me, Odo.
Maybe something will come to you.  I can wait.  The question is, can you?
There's no pleasure in this for me Constable, I assure you.  I'm simply doing my job.
Odo... just tell me what I want to know, and this will end.
That's right.  And you have information that I need... information that it's my duty to extract from you. It's not personal.
Talk to me, Odo... tell me something, anything!  Lie if you have to!  But say it now. Please.
And you will.  I promise.  When this is all over, I promise I'll take you back to Deep Space Nine.
The Founders?  You want to go back to the Founders?  I thought you turned your back on them.
I knew there was something... something you were holding back...
... At that point, I deactivated the device and allowed him to return to his liquid state.
Nothing.  He never broke.
On the other hand, Odo is a member of the Bajoran militia... and an officer on Deep Space Nine.  We may not want to provoke the Federation by killing him.
Can I do something for you, Colonel?
I wasn't trying to protect him.  And as I recall, you thought it was a good idea to keep him alive, as well.
Tell me, what else am I feeling?  I've never been psychoanalyzed by a Romulan before.  This is a fascinating experience.
The Founders...
It's a ruse.  They're using an automated transponder to send back false sensor readings.  The planet's deserted.
It's a trap... they've been waiting for us all along.
The Jem'Hadar will destroy every ship if we stay.
The only hope is to return to the Alpha Quadrant.
I'm afraid the fault, dear Tain, is not in our stars... but in ourselves.
Just something I learned from Doctor Bashir.
No, it's not.  I suggest we make our way to the runabout.
You... are one of the Founders?
The runabout is that way, two decks down in Section Twenty-five.  I'll meet you there.
To the Bridge... to get Tain.
I know it's hard for you to understand, Constable... but I still owe him a personal debt... and I have to try and repay it.  Wait for us as long as you can.
Tain!  We have to go.
You're right.  There was an informant. Colonel Lovok is a changeling.
Yes.  But we can discuss it at a later time.
Yes, I do.  But now, we have to go!
I can't just leave you here.
You can be very persuasive on occasion, Constable.  But you might consider using... gentler language in the future.
Aft shields down to fifty percent.  More speed would be advisable.
Shields down to thirty percent.
Shields down to fifteen percent.
The shields are gone.
Odo... I hope that you'll accept my sincere apologies for all this.
Nevertheless...
Thank you.
I consider the entire conversation as... something best forgotten.
Unfortunately, I don't think Commander Sisko will approve of such an... interesting facility on the Promenade.
You know what the sad part is, Odo... I'm a pretty good tailor.
Why, Constable... I thought you didn't eat.
Fascinating. So both the cup and the liquid are merely extensions of your body.
Very thoughtful.
Why do you think something's bothering me?
Maybe I'm just hungry today.
Tell me, Odo, have you heard any news from Cardassia lately?
Well I have.  And frankly I don't like what I've been hearing. Rumors of uprisings, civil disturbances. All very alarming.
One or two. But now I can't even get through to them. I'm worried. With the destruction of the Obsidian Order and the threat of the Dominion, these are unsettling times for Cardassia.
I'd appreciate that, Constable.
Actually, I'm not sure Constable Odo has a mother.
I'd listen to him if I were you.
You'd be surprised at the kind of things you can learn while you're doing alterations.
Let me guess, you're either lost or you're desperately searching for a good tailor.
Constable Odo and Captain Sisko  expressed similar concern. But  really, Doctor, there was no harm done.
But I got off several cutting remarks that no doubt did serious damage to their egos.
I'm serious, Doctor. Thanks to your ministrations, I'm almost completely healed. The damage I did to them will last a lifetime. What I can't understand is their inexplicable hostility toward me. Maligning Constable Odo is one thing... after all he is a changeling and the Klingons don't  know him as well as we do. But  relations between the Klingon and  Cardassian Empires have never been  anything but amicable.
A minor skirmish.
That was ages ago. Maybe they decided they just didn't like me?
You're right, as always, Doctor. They must've mistaken me for someone else.
Trust me, you won't regret this. When it comes to keeping warm, nothing beats Vitarian wool undergarments. And in case you change your mind about the earmuffs, I'll keep them on hold for you.
I'm sorry. Am I interrupting?
According to my sources, the Klingon High Council believes that Cardassia has been taken over by the Founders.
Is it?
Having trouble keeping the civilians in line?
I'm afraid after the fall of the Obsidian Order, Cardassian security isn't what it used to be.
We can sit here all day reminding ourselves of how much we hate each other. But you don't have the time. The Klingon fleet will reach Cardassian territory in less than an hour. So I suggest you get ready for them.
Might I trouble you for a glass of kanar?
That's uncharacteristically generous of you.
How thoughtless of me never to consider the effect the destruction of my homeworld would have on your business. These must be trying times for you. Be brave.
I can see the attraction... for you.
Your charms would be wasted.
I know precisely how you feel.
What is it?
I don't know...
It's vile.
Just like the Federation.
It's insidious.
Do you think they'll be able to save us?
Well, I'm not sure, of course, but my guess would be Klingons.
I just wanted to make sure the council members were safe.
Oh, and I take it your concern for the council members is motivated strictly by patriotism.
Who would've thought the two of us would be fighting side by side?
I'll try to keep that in mind.
All this hand-to-hand combat is really quite distasteful.
You have to admit, it's much more... civilized.
Thank you.
But Doctor, I've only just arrived.
What an extreme reaction that would be. You must be quite embarrassed by this program.
Privacy, Doctor? I'd say it goes far deeper than that. Ever since you received this new program, you've been spending virtually all of your free time in the holosuite. But you haven't told anyone what the program is.
No. But you're a, forgive me, a talkative man and it's unusual for you to have secrets.
Is this fantasy of yours really that revealing of your inner psyche?
Is that why you're so protective? Afraid that I might learn some humiliating secret about the real Julian Bashir?
If you have nothing to hide, then why not let me stay.
Your parade?
Don't worry, Doctor. I can be quite discreet. You'll barely know I'm here.
But if I may make one observation.
I just wanted to point out that your lovely companion is leaving. Odd. She seemed so interested in your advances only a moment ago. I wonder what scared her off? Oh, no. I do apologize. You must be incensed. In fact, if I were in your shoes, I would... grab a bottle of champagne and shoot me.
Come on, Doctor we're going to have a wonderful time... after all, what could possibly go wrong?
You live here?
Decorate it yourself?
How did you pronounce the name of this city?
Not just yet.
Is she your valet or your personal assassin?
I take it that your character is some kind of... rich dilettante, with a fascination for women and weapons.
A spy? And you live here? I think I joined the wrong intelligence service...
Thank you my, dear. This will do nicely... although I'm not too sure about the collar.
Isn't this a somewhat... ostentatious life for a spy?
"Jet-setter?"
This wasn't my idea. Major?
Major Kira's certainly throwing herself into the role, Doctor.
Perhaps this isn't Major Kira after all.
I'd say someone has been tampering with your program, Doctor.
Emergency...
So? It's not that difficult.
A pretty vague assignment.
Doctor, we're in the middle of an emergency. Is this really the time to be playing games?
Interesting.
The computer would actually be erasing Commander Dax's pattern.
Chief...
Interesting jewelry.
The holosuite safeties must be off.
I wouldn't dismiss her idea so quickly, Doctor.
I want you to stop treating this like a game where everything's going to turn out all right in the end. Real spies have to make hard choices. You want to save Dax? Fine. But you may not have the luxury of saving everyone. Eventually you may have to let someone die.
We understand he has a special interest in the sciences... he's invited some of the world's top scientists to this club. Isn't that true?
Another decorator's nightmare. This era has a distinct lack of taste.
Killing everyone on the planet.
Doctor, I don't know if I've made this explicit to you or not... but I really don't want to die chained to a twentieth century laser. I think it's time to end the program.
Well, then may I suggest calling for Commander Eddington and having him send someone in here to remove these handcuffs?
The only thing I know for sure, Doctor, is that when molten lava comes pouring into this cave, you and I are going to be very uncomfortable.
Who is it?
This is your plan?
I must say... this is more than I ever wanted to know about your fantasy life, Doctor.
I'd give the two of you some privacy if I could.
Great plan. Now can we call Eddington?
Kiss the girl, get the key. They never taught me that in the Obsidian order.
You expect to take on Noah and his men with that?
No. This has gone far enough. It's time to cut our losses.
Yes, they might be killed, and that is unfortunate. But there comes a point when the odds are against you and the only reasonable course of action... is to quit.
As a matter of fact, they did. That's why I've stayed alive and so many of my colleagues are dead. Because I know when to walk away. And that time is now, Doctor. You would know that if you were a real intelligence agent.
That's something else you haven't learned, Doctor. A real intelligence agent has no ego, no conscience, no remorse. Only his sense of professionalism. And mine is telling me it's time to go.
I'm afraid I don't believe you'll pull that trigger.
It's time to face reality, Doctor. You're a man who dreams about being a hero... because deep down, you know that you're not.
I'm no hero either, but I know how to make choices... and I'm choosing to save myself.
That was awfully close, Doctor. What if you'd killed me? Doctor... I believe there's hope for you yet.
Who am I to question Julian Bashir, secret agent? Lead the way.
Interesting. You saved the day by destroying the world.
No. But it seems there's a great deal they didn't teach me. Like the value of a good game of chance... or how indulging in fantasy can keep one's mind... creative.
Yes, it was quite effective.
I thought the whole point was to watch.
What does she expect? She's the only Cardassian woman on this station. She must know she's going to attract some attention.
Maybe I should say hello after the game.
I simply thought it would be polite to say hello. But clearly, you think I'm incapable of conducting any kind of pleasant discourse without some nefarious ulterior motive...
Yes! What a play! Bravo, Major!
A brilliant move on the part of the major. You should've been paying attention.
You're not going to hurt me are you?
Normally I would simply make a strategic withdrawal at the first sign of trouble, but there doesn't seem to be any way out of here.
True. But it would take several minutes for them to arrive, and by then... it might be too late.
I'm gratified to hear it.
And you, my dear, have nothing to fear from me.
How kind.
Is there... something I can do for you?
I'd be delighted.
I look forward to it.
Such as?
Oh, make them look good... and all this time I thought you wanted me to make them look bad. I wish you'd said that before. It's so much simpler when the customer explains what he wants.
Of course, Major. Excuse me.
That's what I thought.
As Tabalian glass.
It's not a date, and how do you know about that?
I was going to cancel. I've had visions of Ziyal presenting my head to her father as a birthday gift.
Paranoid is what they call people who imagine threats against their life. I have threats against my life.
But after my little chat with Major Kira, I feel much better.
What do you mean?
Yes. It's quite pleasant.
Not just yet. I have a question I'd like answered first... why am I here?
Why am I here? Am I to believe that you really invited the sworn enemy of your father to the holosuite just to... enjoy the heat?
Although I seldom credit either the major or your father with being entirely trustworthy... in this case, they're both telling the truth.
Well, I suppose I won't be needing this anymore...
So... what shall we talk about first?
Try on the trousers first. I've added extra padding to the seat. You should find swiveling on a barstool much more comfortable.
I'm afraid your pants won't be ready 'til next week, Quark.
Oh? Then what can I do for you?
I don't know what you're talking about.
You're right. I used to be a gardener. Now, if you have something you want weeded, you let me know.
You want me to kill you? Well, that's different...
Business?
It wasn't that loud...
We're running out of options, Quark. You don't want to be vaporized because you need a body... the disruptor ruined your clothes... a knife was too savage... the nerve gas smelled bad... hanging took too long, and poison... what was wrong with poison?
Computer. Remove corpse.
For a man who wants to kill himself, you seem strangely determined to live.
You want to be surprised.
I see. Perhaps that can be arranged.
If I tell you, it won't be much of a surprise. Will it?
You have my word... you'll never know what hit you.
Constable, how good of you to stop by.
Excuse me?
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
A splendid idea.
Security Chief Odo, allow me to introduce Chalan Aroya. One of my best customers.
Now that you mention it, I just witnessed a crime. Letting Aroya walk out of here without arranging a date. You should be locked away for that.
True. But do you think we'd waste so much time on something that wasn't worthwhile? I'll never understand you. You're such a curious man, yet there're so many aspects of humanoid life you simply refuse to explore.
But you have to admit, she was quite lovely.
Odo, what's wrong?
Garak to Doctor Bashir. I need a medical emergency team sent to my shop, immediately.
Personally I think Starfleet should allow their officers more latitude in accessorizing their uniforms. You'd be surprised what a nice scarf can do.
Captain. How good of you to see me.
I'd like to accompany you on your mission. I have some questions I'd like to ask them.
The Cardassian Empire lost a number of ships during their  aborted attack on the Dominion. I want to know what happened to the crewmembers.
We don't know that for a fact. As I recall, when the Defiant left the scene of the battle, a number of Cardassian warships were still fighting.
I live in hope.
Besides, if you do take me along, I think you'll find me quite useful. I'm a man of many talents.
You want me to keep him company?
But where you offer kindness, I offer mystery. Where you offer sympathy, I offer intrigue.
Just give me a seat near Odo's bed and I promise you, I will conjure up enough innuendos, half-truths, and bald-faced lies about my "career" in the Obsidian Order to keep the Constable distracted for days.
If there's one thing Cardassians excel at, it's conversation.
We share the same priorities, captain.
Ah, yes. The Assassination of Proconsul Merrok of Romulus. Such a tragedy. I met him once, a few weeks before he died. I was working as a gardener at the Cardassian embassy. My specialty was Edosian Orchids. Beautiful yet highly toxic. So many Romulan dignitaries died unexpectedly that year.
You can't imagine.
How do I look, Doctor?
Of course it matters. I'm here as a representative of the Cardassian Empire and I want to make a good first impression. Constable, what do you think?
You're getting warmer. Now about my collar...
Amazing.
Of course.
Excuse me, Madam, may I have a moment of your time?
That's right. And on behalf of my people, I'd like to learn if there were any survivors after our attack on the Dominion.
You mean, they're all dead? It's been a pleasure meeting you.
Don't tell me. I overlooked one of the security monitors.
I was hoping to gain control of the phasers as well. I just hadn't gotten around to it yet. Don't you see? We have an opportunity here. A chance to end the Dominion threat once and for all. We have enough firepower on this ship to turn that planet into a smoking cinder. Personally, I think that would be a very good thing.
They'll die. And once the Jem'Hadar ships realize what we're doing, so will we. But what are our lives compared to saving the entire Alpha Quadrant.
I'm not talking about war. What I'm proposing is wiping out every Founder on that planet. Obliterating the Great Link. Come now, Mister Worf, you're a Klingon. Don't tell me you'd object to a little genocide in the name of self-defense.
What you are is a great disappointment.
How does it feel? Comfortable? Not too tight?
Itchy? That's the Inkarian Wool. You'll get used to it. Unless of course you're allergic to Inkarian Wool.
You know, I envy you. Think of all the wonderful foods you'll get to enjoy for the first time.
I suppose you do.
Six months in a holding cell. The thought is... unattractive, to say the least.
Yes, but my heart was in the right place.
What a generous offer.
If I had known what I was walking into, I never would've gone. I thought the Bajorans would be grateful to hear someone provide them with an opposing philosophical view. My understanding was that this conference was supposed to be an examination of the occupation from a dispassionate historical perspective. But instead, everyone went out of their way to dismiss virtually everything I had to say.
Giving me a name tag that said, "Elim Garak, Former Cardassian Oppressor" was hardly polite.
What I would've liked was less posturing and more debate. It's clear to me now that the Bajorans aren't really interested in discovering historical truth so much as they are in promoting the myths and legends of the glorious Resistance.
Yes, it seems you have quite a fan club on Bajor. I half expected you to be signing autographs at the end.
I may be ill.
I couldn't agree more.
It's more than that. Our clothes have changed.
I should be getting some attention too... we're in the Bajoran sector... Cardassians weren't exactly welcome here.
Out of my way.
A Bajoran would never touch a Cardassian during the Occupation. At least, not publicly.
The clothes we're wearing are Bajoran... and they're treating us like Bajorans...
But then why do we still see each other as we really are instead of as Bajorans?
No, not a sound. more like a strong vibration...
Then I suggest we go directly to the authorities and explain our situation.
I have knowledge of certain... security codes that should be sufficient to prove that I am in fact a Cardassian even if their eyes say otherwise. I can always say that I'm an undercover operative posing as a Bajoran.
You should. He was your predecessor.
Perhaps there's been some misunderstanding. If I may be so bold, you may find something which will bring you infinitely more profit than the arrest of a Bajoran woman.
Two strips.
Our friend is still in custody.
Before we can help Commander Dax, we need to find out who we are in this... reality.
What about a Cardassian comp-link?
I took the liberty of borrowing this from the gentlemen who thought my nose needed adjustment.
It's just a hobby.
Isn't it? If my nose didn't hurt so much, I'd entertain you with a fascinating story of how I came to possess it.
Well Captain, it seems you're actually a Bajoran electronics engineer...
Oh, lucky me. I'm an artist.
I had no idea we were such messy conquerors. I remember the occupation as being a little more tidy than this.
The Bajorans were more suited to this sort of thing than we were. Servile work is in their nature.
There are exceptions to every rule.
The Bajorans never did have a sense of style. Turn the vase upside down, and the Resistance appears.
Not under my nose, Captain... under his.
Look at him. The Commander of Terok Nor. Just another swaggering, self-important Gul with too much vanity and not enough ability.
Does it matter?
You'd think they'd put us in our own cell block, instead of with the common criminals. After all, we're accused of attempting to assassinate the station commander. That deserves some respect.
That's a lie.
Setting aside the newest Shape-shifter in town for the moment, how did we end up back in this cell?
You knew the names of the people we're supposed to be.
But you couldn't have been there because it happened before you came aboard the station.
Sorry for the interruption.
I'm afraid I disappointed them. I think they were hoping that message they picked up would contain the key to defeating the Dominion. You should've seen the looks on their faces when I told them it was a five-year old planetary survey report.
That's the look exactly.
Oh, I've given up hope of ever finding any trace of them.
There comes a time when you have to face reality, my dear. Those people are gone and they're never coming back. Well, my young friends, I could sit here and chat all day, but I have dresses to make, pants to mend... It's a full life, if a trifle... banal.
Tell Captain Sisko I'd be happy to decode any Cardassian laundry lists that come across his desk.
My dear.
Doctor, I really must remember to stop underestimating you. How did you know?
Very good, doctor. You've come a long way from the naive young man I met five years ago. You've become distrustful and suspicious. It suits you.
It was a call for help. From Enabran Tain.
I did. But Enabran Tain was the head of the Obsidian order for twenty years. If he survived that, he can survive anything.
Yes, but aside from that, we were very close. He was... my mentor. And I'm not going to turn my back on him.If it'll make you feel better, come with me. All you have to do is make up some excuse for taking the runabout and we could leave immediately.
Your concern is touching, Doctor. But I assure you, I can take care of myself.
Doctor, I think you've just volunteered.
I can. And I will. I have to.
Oh, I'm sure you could find someone else to eat your meals with. Not that you'll have to. I fully intend to return.
I know. I'm the only other Cardassian on the station.
My dear, you're young, so I realize you're a poor judge of character.
Perhaps because I find them a touch... misguided.
Because I'm exiled, alone and a long way from home.
You do have a lovely daughter. She must take after her mother.
I'd write the actual letter. All you'd have to do is sign it.
Why? Because I'm a Cardassian? You're a Klingon... Nog is a Ferengi. Starfleet Academy is a very accepting place.
I know I've done some unfortunate things in the past. And I regret them. That's why I want to join Starfleet. Why I need to join Starfleet. I'm looking for a fresh start... a way to make up for all the damage I've done. To prove to myself that I can be better than I am. But I need your help... your support to start me on my way... to redemption.
Personally, I think I could be quite an asset to Starfleet. With my extensive experience I should be able to skip the lower ranks entirely and begin my career as a Commander. Maybe you should suggest that in your letter... tell them you'd be honored to serve under me.
No. I'm afraid I don't.
Lying is a skill like any other. If you want to maintain a level of excellence, you have to practice constantly.
Mister Worf, you are no fun at all.
I don't see why these runabout replicators can't provide a more varied menu. I would like to get my hands on this fellow Earl Grey and tell him a thing or two about tea leaves.
Believe me, I have no desire to take an "unnecessary risk."
Now what could that be?
Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all.
Are we glad to see you. Can one of you point us in the direction of the wormhole?
Ah, good. You look like the man in charge. I was just trying to explain to your colleagues here that this is all an unfortunate misunderstanding.
Aren't you Klingons supposed to kill yourselves when you're taken prisoner?
That's it? After I've come all this way? After all I've been through? That's all you have to say to me?
I want you to say "Thank you, Elim. Your loyalty is most gratifying. I knew I could count on you."
I never should've come here. I should've let that monster die alone and forgotten.
My whole life, I've done nothing but try to please that man. I let him mold me, turn me into a mirror image of himself. And how did he repay me? With exile. But I forgave him. And now, here at the end, I thought maybe, just maybe, he could forgive me. I was a fool. Let this be a lesson to you, doctor... perhaps the most valuable I can teach you... Sentiment is the greatest weakness of all.
Father, you're dying. For once in your life, speak the truth.
So you've told me. Many times. Enabran, listen to me. All I ask is that for this moment, let me be your son.
Gentlemen, I don't know about you... but my business here is done.
It's nice to feel needed.
Excuse me?
Perhaps there's been some sort of misunderstanding. The last time I checked, I was a Cardassian.
I only wish I were still in the Obsidian Order. This would make a wonderful interrogation chamber.
Tight quarters, no air, bad lighting, random electric shocks. It's perfect.
If you'd like, I'd happily trade places with you.
That... was thoroughly unpleasant.
I'm fine. It's just... hotter in there than I thought. I got a little lightheaded. Give me a minute and I'll go back in.
I'm sorry. That's absolutely unacceptable. I'm under enough strain as it is, I can't have you quitting on me.
Get a hold of yourself, Garak. After all, you haven't had one of these attacks in years. Yes, this is a tight enclosed space. Yes, there's not a lot of room to move. But a disciplined mind doesn't allow itself to be sidetracked by niggling psychological disorders like claustrophobia. Besides, this isn't like Tzenketh. These walls won't collapse around you. There's plenty of air. And you have friends close by. You have nothing to be concerned about.
Focus on the job. You're the only one who can contact the runabout. People are depending on you. Ziyal is depending on you. You promised her you'd come back. And that young lady has had quite enough disappointments in her life without you adding to them. So 	control yourself. You're stronger than this. A disciplined mind...
Our original plan will work. I just have to finish what I started. After all, a verse about how the Cardassian panicked in the face of danger would ruin General Martok's song.
Now, if you'll excuse me...	
My dungeon awaits.
Doctor, would you please keep the noise down. I'm trying to work in here.
How do you know I didn't volunteer?
Nothing so coarse. The captain bribed me. He offered to help me procure a larger space for my workshop. The latest dressmaking equipment is surprisingly bulky.
It's just that lately, I've noticed that everyone seems to... trust me. It's quite unnerving. I'm still trying to get used to it. Next thing I know, people will be inviting me to their homes for dinner.
I appreciate that, Chief.
This is maddening. Asking a Ferengi to play a Cardassian game is like asking a Klingon to chew with his mouth closed.
I'm just curious, why do you and Doctor Bashir spend hours in the holosuites dressed up as fighter pilots, reliving ancient battles?
Interesting...
That's the trouble with humans... you don't know how to appreciate a good mystery.
I'm flattered. But I'm afraid I have other plans.
I don't intend to stand around waiting to be killed.
You're fighting your instincts, I can see it.
Access denied. Access denied. Don't you know how to say anything else? Apparently not... How monotonous.
"Secure" is such a relative term, wouldn't you agree?
I'd love to stay and hypothesize with you all afternoon... but once I set my mind to a task, I hate to leave it unfinished.
I'm not a tailor. Not for the moment anyway.
I know you're hiding somewhere... Ah, there you are.
I haven't had this much fun in years. My heart's pounding... The blood is racing through myveins... I feel so alive. And I bet you do, too.
Admit it, you're a killer. We both are. Behind your Federation mask of decency and benevolence, you're a predator, just like me.
He has nothing to worry about. I'm not going to shoot an unarmed man. What fun would that be?
Naughty, naughty.
I admit I'm tempted to finish this right now... But I'd be depriving myself of too much enjoyment.
I'm disappointed, Chief. I was hoping to see bloodlust in your eyes, but all I see is fear.
There is nothing else. I've shown you a hundred and fifty-three different wedding dresses, from Tellerite modern to... Risian traditional. And you've hated them all.
At least they agree on something.
My dear, I find your blind adoration both flattering and disturbing.
I don't think I'd be very welcome on Bajor.
Let me tell you a story. I once knew a Cardassian, a dashing, handsome young man with a promising career. And then one day, through no fault of his own, he found himself exiled and alone, with nowhere to turn. But did he give up? No. Instead he struck upon a brilliant plan. Rather than fleeing for the rest of his life, he sought shelter in the one place no one expected him to go. In a stronghold of his people's most hated enemies. There, surrounded by hostile strangers, he built a life. And there, against all odds, against the merciless logic of the Universe itself, he thrived.
The moral, my dear, is to never underestimate my gift for survival.
I must say, Constable, I admire your composure. You're an island of tranquility in a sea of chaos.
I'm not feeling too useful myself, at the moment. If it'd make you feel any better, you could always deputize me.
It's ironic. When the Klingons attacked this station, Gul Dukat and I fought side-by-side. At one point, when he was struggling with a Klingon, he turned his back to me, and I have to admit, for a moment, he made a very tempting target.
Shoot a man in the back, that's the safest way, isn't it? But then I thought, "I can't fight all these Klingons by myself." So I let him live.
My dear Constable, before this day is over, everyone on this station is going to regret it.
I'd like to come along, if you don't mind. You never know when you might need a good tailor. And the simple fact is, I have nowhere else to go.
Ah, there you are. I'd just about given up hope, doctor. I would think that all those lunches we've shared would've entitled me to preferential treatment.
If you're trying to cheer me up, it's working. I feel better already.
I was studying some star charts for Captain Sisko during the last assault when I had a sudden and somewhat violent encounter with a bulkhead.
I wish I shared your confidence. Oh, I'm sure my head will heal, but the way this war is going... I wouldn't bet on any of us living to a ripe, old age.
Let me guess, you've used that genetically enhanced brain of yours to calculate our chances of survival.
I'm really not interested, Doctor. Ever since it became public knowledge that you were genetically engineered, you've used every opportunity to show off.
Look at you. You act like you haven't a care in the world. It's that kind of smug, superior attitude that makes people like you so unpopular.
A thirty-two point seven percent chance of survival... I call that insulting.
It's been known to happen.
Captain, may I make a suggestion?
Then perhaps you should consider returning fire.
Don't tell me, tell them.
The question is, do we know what we're doing?
That won't do us much good.
Not quite according to plan... but I think Starfleet will find the results satisfactory.
Forgive my ignorance, but without warp drive... how long is it going to take us to reach the nearest Federation starbase?
Oh, no.
This is no time to lie down on the job, cadet.
Lucky for you, it ripped on the seam. Unlucky for you, my sewing kit went down with the ship.
You're deliberately trying to stay behind me and I want to know why. Does this have something to do with that unfortunate business between you and me last year? 
There were extenuating circumstances.
Cadet... there may be hope for you yet.
Shut up. As I tried to explain to your men, my name is Kamar and I am a member of the Cardassian Intelligence Bureau, what used to be known as the Obsidian Order. A week ago, while performing my duties in the glorious service of the Founders, I was captured by the USS Centaur. I was being held aboard one of their shuttles when we were forced to hide in this dark matter nebula by the unexpected appearance of a Dominion battleship.
Slow down, Nog. We don't want to startle anyone.
Good evening, Doctor, Captain.
Perfect. How are you?
That is the idea. In case you've forgotten we're in a war and they're the enemy.
Correction, humans have rules in war. Rules that tend to make victory a little harder to achieve, in my opinion.
Keep looking, Doctor. I'm sure whatever Starfleet put in there is very well hidden.
That's easy for you to say, Chief. You don't know them as well as I do. They're desperate people. I would've if I were them. In fact, when I was conducting interrogations for the Obsidian Order, I did a lot worse.
Not from where I'm sitting.
Well take it from me, it's a lot more fun asking questions than answering them.
I always hope for the best. Unfortunately, experience has taught me to expect the worst.
I feel sorry for the Klingons. They're going to miss a very interesting fight.
What an education you're getting.
Congratulations, captain. You wanted them angry. They're angry.
I must say I'm flattered, Captain. I had no idea you held such a lofty opinion of me. Your faith in my ability to retrieve classified information from my former homeland is most gratifying.
You know, I had assumed this meeting was about the modifications I suggested for your new dress uniform. you have had an opportunity to look over my design, haven't you?
No one wants to see the Dominion destroyed more than I do. But asking me to go to Cardassia Prime, penetrate one of the most heavily guarded facilities in the quadrant, steal top secret war plans and then return them safely to you is not just another "job." It's more like a suicide mission and that is well outside my field of expertise.
It would mean calling in all my favors, captain. To do what you're asking would use up every resource I have left on Cardassia. And it may be a very messy, very bloody business. Are you prepared for that?
Well... I suppose that depends on how you look at it.
I share your desire for swift action, captain. In fact, after our last conversation, I made a few discreet inquiries among my former associates still living on Cardassia. As I anticipated, they shared my loathing for the current government and were more than 	willing to take on an assignment aimed at its destruction. Unfortunately, they're all dead now. All killed within one day of speaking with me. I suppose that's a testament to the effectiveness of Dominion security. One should admire such... efficiency.
I hope you're not giving up that easily. After all, the stakes are much higher than a few dead operatives. The fate of the entire quadrant hangs in the balance, or at least that's the case you made to me.
As a matter of fact, I do have another plan. But I suspect that you won't like it. I suggest we manufacture that evidence ourselves.
There are some things I'd rather not discuss.
Mind if I join you?
You seem angry.
I've locked him in his quarters. I've also left him with the distinct impression that if he attempts to force open the door, it may... explode.
It's best not to dwell on such minutiae. In any case, we have far more important matters to discuss.
Why don't you wait in your quarters. I'll be along shortly to... say hello.
Felt good, didn't it? To put your hands on a man and say, "You will do this or else." After all the intrigue and deception you've had to engage in over the past week, you must've found that moment of pure brute force to be a... refreshing change of pace.
Think of them as tragic victims of war.
Oh, but I think there is. You see, when the Tal Shiar finishes examining the wreckage of Vreenak's shuttle, they'll find the burnt remnants of a Cardassian optolythic data-rod which miraculously survived the explosion. After painstaking forensic examination, they'll discover that the rod contains a recording of a high-level Dominion meeting at which the invasion of Romulus was being planned. Any imperfections in the forgery will appear to be a result of the explosion. So, with a seemingly legitimate data-rod in one hand and a dead senator in the other, I ask you captain, what conclusion would you draw?
That is why you came to me, isn't it, captain? Because you knew I could do the things you weren't capable of doing yourself? Well, it worked. And you'll get what you wanted, a war between the Romulans and the Dominion. If your conscience is bothering you, you should soothe it with the knowledge that you may have just saved the entire Alpha Quadrant. And all it cost was the life of one Romulan senator, one criminal, and the self-respect of one Starfleet Officer. I don't know about you, but I'd call that a bargain.
To lose such sacred ground would be devastating to Cardassians everywhere. And a great propaganda victory for you.
This is a momentous occasion. It's not every day I embark on a journey to liberate my homeworld.
I'm afraid you're going to have to get them from somewhere else. My shop's closed. Starfleet Intelligence is keeping me quite busy these days.
I don't have the time. Do you have any idea how long it takes to decode a Cardassian military transmission? I invented some of the basic encryption protocols when I was with the Obsidian Order, and it still takes me days to decipher a simple sentence.
I don't like people looming over me. I have to get back to work. Thank you for your company, gentlemen.
I've been claustrophobic for as long as I can remember, but lately it seems to have gotten worse. Rooms that I once found completely tolerable suddenly feel alarmingly cramped. Well, I don't feel fine.
I was hoping you'd be kind enough to express my regrets to Starfleet Intelligence. When I get like this, my concentration isn't what it should be. I'm afraid I'm not going to be up to decoding transmissions for a while.
Believe me, captain, I'm not happy about it either. I want to see this war end as much as you do.
Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go hem some pants. For some reason, sewing seems to calm me down.
That depends on what's involved. You see, I'm a very private person.
Don't take this the wrong way, but it sounds to me like you're the one that needs to see a counselor.
If I'd been that careless, my father would've left me in a confined space to teach me a lesson. He didn't get to be the head of the Obsidian Order without a sense of... discipline.
My father used to lock me in when I misbehaved. I wasn't trapped. I knew he'd let me out when I learned my lesson.
I could be very stubborn.
Are you saying that if I can stop blaming myself, my claustrophobia will just disappear? Well, I'll certainly give your advice some thought.
To tell you the truth, I'm starting to feel a little claustrophobic. If you don't mind, I think I'll get back to my sewing.
If you don't mind, I'd like to sit here and be alone for a while.
I got tired of looking at a fake landscape and pretending I was outside. Work is the answer. My father always used to say that a person should throw themselves into their work. Do your chores, Elim. I told you to do your chores.
Oh, no. Don't start. Spare me your insipid psychobabble. I'm not some quivering neurotic who feels sorry for himself because his daddy wasn't nice to him. You couldn't begin to understand me.
I'm sure you would. You'd like nothing more than to pry into my personal affairs. 
Well, I'm not interested in dissecting my childhood... all I want is to free my people from the Dominion. I don't need someone to come in here and hold my hand, I need someone who can	help me get back to work. And you, my dear, aren't up to the task.
Now, get out of here. Before I say something unkind.
I didn't think you'd darken my doorstep again.
How nice for you.
That's very gratifying...
Don't you see? I wanted to believe I was helping my people, liberating them, but all I've done is pave the way for their annihilation. I'm a traitor!
Well... I'm breathing a lot better than I was.
When I first agreed to help Starfleet, I was convinced that it was the right thing to do. I didn't allow myself to doubt it, even for a moment. I never realized how much it was gnawing away at me. I suppose I was looking for a way out... and the claustrophobia gave me an excuse to stop fighting against my people.
Not at all.
Ah, Romulus. How well I remember it. You will find the predominant color to be gray. The buildings. The clothes. The people. Did you know that the Romulan heart itself is gray? It's true. And entirely appropriate for such an unimaginative race.
How dull.
I see. I trust Starfleet Intelligence will be sending someone along to make good use of this opportunity.
How sad. I must tell you it's a bit disappointing to hear you mouthing the usual platitudes about peace and friendship regarding an implacable foe like the Romulans. But, I live in hope that someday you'll see the universe as it truly is, rather than as you wish it to be.
They'll tolerate you. To a point. But if I were you, I'd watch my back. See you in the morning.
How nice. And now that the formalities are out of the way, let's try to remember that our enemy is the Dominion -- and not each other.
The Obsidian Order used to operate the same way.
Maybe. But I don't think it's a proper subject for discussion, not if we're all supposed to be getting along.
You don't know how lucky you are.
My approach may have been quiet, but I assure you, I had no intention of "sneaking" up on you. My apologies.
You appeared to have things under control.
How little you understand me.
Cardassia. It's as beautiful as I remembered.
Ah, the glamor of being a revolutionary...
I don't know why you're making such a fuss over this. I have a very busy repair schedule and I can't stand here all night arguing with you.
Have we done something wrong? We're new to the city and I'm afraid we've gotten lost.
This isn't the first time my cousin has been mistaken for that traitor.
I hope you don't consider me ungrateful, but what are you doing here?
You're too kind.
I haven't changed much, have I?
How ironic that Cardassia's saviour should be a former Bajoran terrorist.
Of course I don't look well, I've been living in a cellar.
Does anyone have any final words?
How disappointing.
During all my years of exile... I imagined what it would be like to come home... maybe even to live in this house again with Mila. But now she's dead and this house is about to become a pile of rubble... My Cardassia is gone.
I have a better reason than that, colonel. Revenge.
We have a problem. I'm afraid it's a rather large one.
Isn't it obvious? Here we are, ready to storm the castle... willing to sacrifice our lives in a noble effort to slay the Dominion beast in its lair and we can't even get inside the gate.
For Cardassia.
I was hoping you'd say that.
Some may say that we've gotten exactly what we deserve... after all, we're not exactly "innocent," are we? And I'm not just talking about the Bajoran occupation... our entire history is one of arrogant aggression. We collaborated with the Dominion... betrayed the Alpha Quadrant... there's no doubt about it, we're guilty as charged.
Doctor, please -- spare me your insufferable Federation optimism. Of course it will survive... but not the Cardassia I knew. We had a rich and ancient culture -- our literature, music, art were second to none. And now, so much of it is lost... So many of our best people... our most gifted minds...
Quite all right, doctor. You've been a good friend. I'm going to miss our lunches together.
I'd like to think we'll see each other again. But who can say... we live in uncertain times.